BUG: fix error writing a column with mix of datetimes with and without timezone without arrow (#634)
geopandas/pyogrio: CHANGES.md

### Bug fixes

> -   Fix error in `write_dataframe` with `use_arrow=False` when writing a column with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Fix error in `write_dataframe` with `use_arrow=False` when writing an object-dtype column with
```

(to make it clear this is not a typical "datetime" column without time zone offsets, because that would be a datetime64 column which works fine)
